Reword contribution-related articles to make them easier to read. Also, remove odd escaping in list enumerations (#3990)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/osu!_wiki_Contribution_Guide/en.md

   ![](img/fork-ahead-behind.jpg "Potentially bad \(your branch is outdated with your commits\)")

3. This isn't much of a problem; that is, if you aren't going to edit a file that was already changed which may be unlikely the more commits you are behind.

4. To resolve this, see the [My branch is out of date!](/wiki/owcg/Common_Issues#my-branch-is-out-of-date!) section in the Common Issues article.

5. When you complete step 4, continue to [Editing online or locally](#editing-online-or-locally).

## Editing online or locally

At this point, you have two choices:

- [GitHub Web Interface](/wiki/owcg/GitHub_Web_Interface) - edit online; this is best for single article edits.
- [GitHub Desktop](/wiki/owcg/GitHub_Desktop) - edit locally; this is best for single and/or multi article edits (this includes uploading, deleting, and moving images or other files).

*Note: You are not limited to the two choices listed above for editing. To keep this guide short and simple, these articles will not discuss using other tools in-depth or at all. There are other third party applications that can do more or less than what the GitHub Web Interface and GitHub Desktop already do.*

> **When you have completed either *GitHub Web Interface* or *GitHub Desktop* article, you can continue to the next section.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**When you complete either *GitHub Web Interface* or *GitHub Desktop* article, you can continue to the next section.**
```
